# first-files
These are my first files from getting started with Github. Read the Readme for description of how I got started. 

made this folder to try to organize my repositories. i'm seeing make lists, tags, projects, etc. but not sure if any of those will organize my files on the side menu or how confusing it's going ot be when i start using the terminal.

this is a very rough draft just to get my ideas on this page.

i first heard of github through udemy.  until then i had only been doing html and css on files on my computer.  i would add a little javascript just for hamburger menus but that was it. i also had a website that i uploaded files to (through webhost website not command line) but only static pages, so i knew how the website got the files on the backend but nothing about node or express or react or anything. i had static hmtl files linked to css and javascript. had to type in .html in every url

started using github because it was a way to show publicly what i had coded (the actual code), plus another way for me to store code. i obviously knew i wasn't going to be impressive to begin with but i was going to try comment out my thinking as i was learning. i figure this was a good way to show that i had been coding prior to taking the bootcamp that i am about to take. 

i always knew a little bit about html but never a ton about css. i remember watching a youtube tutorial here and there to try to make a dropdown menu for my header (i alwasy considered this to be a big thing and it kind of is i still think) and i would get frustrated.  i beliveve some of the first youtube vids i would watch would even tell you that you need javascript to do hovers, and i was intimidated by javascript. through the years i would work with a few different wordpress sites at 3 different jobs. there were varying themes and the first one no page builder. i knew a little html code so i was able to use tags to manipulate texts and add images if i needed. did some work in wp bakery at a job and then moved to another job which had the website inside of umbraco. umbraco was similar to the first wordpress in that i was given limited areas that i could type into but i could use html tags. 

around 2 years ago i put up the company website on wordpress after the company was hacked. as the marketing coordinator, i was already handling content, look and feel and creating blog posts. i built the entire website consisting of over 20 pages in wordpress using elementor. i actually learned a lot about website creation using the page builder. things like nesting, margin, padding, positioning and even flexbox. everything was done with click and drag and button clicks, but the concepts were the same or similar and this got me more interested in html and css.

the website was going fine for almost a year until we decided using a video as the hero images on the site. our seo started suffering and i learned to alwasy check load times after any major change like this. the load times were very slow because of the js that it took to do it but i didn't know what that meant. i knew enough to know that from my understanding a lot of the widgets in wordpress write bloated clode. i could tell that the js that was running this header video was our main issue. i was able to find a very similar workaround in elementor to improve load times and seo ranking but i wasn't able to recreate it exactly.

this is what lead to me wanting to learn more. i started coding the static portions of our company website and my graphic design portfolio that i had built on wordpress with elementor. all html and css and was just getting into adding javascript such as hamburger menus and eventually an image carousel slider when i decided to take a bootcamp with edx. after that decision, i started spending more time learning and i really enjoy it. i purchased a udemy yearly subscription and im watching through the videos and coding at the same time.  this is how i learned of github to begin with and started uploading my code to github through repositories and i'm now learning how to use the terminal window to put my stuff up on github
